Miku：I... What am I singing for?
Miku：Ah, I see. I'm singing for everyone.
Miku：That was the last song.
Miku：Today... No, not just today. Thank you to everyone for your support all this time.
Miku：When I sing on the stage for everyone, I can see everyone's happiness. That's why I can keep on singing.
Miku：I'm truly... truly grateful for everyone...
Saito：Hey, what is going on? This part is not in the schedule, isn't it?
Staff A：I don't know! The program itself just...
Okubo：Stop it! Now!
Staff B：I don't think that's a good idea... Stopping right now will make the ending of the event really abrupt...
Miku：Last but not least, I still want to give everyone one more song.
Miku：Everyone, are you willing to sing together with me?
Furuhata：Hmph, so you can sing pretty well after all.
Miku：It's over...
Miku：At the very end, I am still singing for everyone.
Miku：That's all I asked for.
Miku：Thank you. Everyone, thank you so much.
Miku：Thank... you.